Mention that all parameters of Date() as a function are ignored (#16263)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/date/index.md

## Constructor

- {{jsxref("Date/Date", "Date()")}}

>   - : When called as a function, returns a string representation of the current date and time. All arguments are ignored. The result is same as executing `new Date().toString()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : When called as a function, returns a string representation of the current date and time. All arguments are ignored. The result is the same as executing `new Date().toString()`.
```

>   - : When called as a function, returns a string representation of the current date and time when the function is called, exactly as `new Date().toString()` does. All parameters are ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : When called as a function, returns a string representation of the current date and time. All the arguments are ignored. The result is same as executing `new Date().toString()`.
```
